Adding properties to S198 and add Locally Euclidean where dimensionality can vary (#706)
pi-base/data: properties/P000122.md

---
uid: P000122
name: Locally Euclidean
refs:
- zb: "0951.54001"
  name: Topology (Munkres)
- mr: 2766102
  name: Introduction to topological manifolds (Lee)
---

Each point has a neighborhood homeomorphic to an open subset of $\mathbb R^n$
with its Euclidean topology for some $n\ge 0$. Equivalently, each point has a neighborhood
homeomorphic to $\mathbb R^n$ for some $n$. Note that the value of $n$ is allowed

> to differ between points; if it does not vary the space is {P123}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to differ between points; if it does not vary, then the space has the stronger
property {P123}.
```
